---
layout: inputContent
title: Research
---

### Trade Policy Uncertainty and Corporate Policy
Joint with Bent Jesper Christensen. [Download](files/wtoCorporatePolicy.pdf "Trade Policy Uncertainty and Corporate Policy")

### The Cost of Being Different: Peer Firm Costs of Cash Holdings
[Download](https://dx.doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.2972422 "The Cost of Being Different: Peer Firm Costs of Cash Holdings")

### Innovation, Competition, and Market Structure - Evidence From Bitcoin's Mining Market
Joint with Robert Parham.  [Download](https://dx.doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.3080586 "Predictability, Innovation, and Competition in Bitcoin's Mining Market")

### How Product Market Threats Shape Financial Contracting: Evidence from Loan Covenants and Performance-pricing
Joint with Xunhua Su, Han Xia, and Xiaoyu Zhang. [Download](https://dx.doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.2410568 "Product market Threats and Financial Contracting: Evidence from Performance-Sensitive Debt")

### The Effect of Real Estate Prices on Peer Firms
Joint with Anil Kumar. [Download](https://dx.doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.3591470 "The Effect of Real Estate Prices on Peer Firms")
...We investigate the peer effects from corporate real estate. Shocks to real estate prices shift firms' debt capacity, which has a significant impact not only on firm investment but also on the investment of peer firms: a $1 of increase in the price of peer real estate assets induces a $0.072 increase in investment. The peer effect from corporate real estate is stronger when firms or their peers have more investment opportunities; financially constrained firms invest more out of their own price shocks, while the peer effect is stronger for unconstrained firms; and we find significant peer effects within - but not between - groups of small and large firms, respectively. Overall, we document a new channel through which real estate is an economically significant determinant of corporate finance. 
